Add VCR example configuration (#336)
renuo/applications-setup-guide: ruby_on_rails/vcr.md

# VCR

VCR is a gem for recording HTTP requests to external services and replaying them.
A VCR setup should be very specifically tied to the tests which need VCR because it's quite expensive.

Here's an example configuration we use at Renuo:

```rb
# spec/rails_helper.rb

RSpec.configure do |config|
  # …

  # Disable VCR completely for tests that are not tagged with :vcr
  config.around do |example|
    if example.metadata[:vcr]
      example.run
    else
      VCR.turned_off { example.run }
    end
  end
end

# WebMock catches all per default, we allow localhost for Capybara/Selenium
WebMock.disable_net_connect!(allow_localhost: true)

VCR.configure do |c|
  c.hook_into :webmock
  c.configure_rspec_metadata!
  c.cassette_library_dir = 'spec/vcr'
  c.default_cassette_options = {
    decode_compressed_response: true,
    allow_unused_http_interactions: false,
  }
  c.debug_logger = $stderr if ENV['DEBUG'] == 'true'

>   c.ignore_localhost = true

Author: I needed this to workaround the issue described here: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/74809209/webmock-stopping-selenium-from-deleting-session
`WebMock.disable_net_connect!(allow_localhost: true)` was not enough.

# VCR

VCR is a gem for recording HTTP requests to external services and replaying them.
A VCR setup should be very specifically tied to the tests which need VCR because it's quite expensive.

Here's an example configuration we use at Renuo:

```rb
# spec/rails_helper.rb

RSpec.configure do |config|
  # …

>   # Disable VCR completely for tests that are not tagged with :vcr

Reviewer: This is the main point that I am not sure about, why don't you want to be warned that a remote call is executed? Isn't there a risk that your tests depend on external services?

Author: No, your assumption is wrong. _WebMock_ catches everything. Also if your test is not marked with `:vcr`.

  config.around do |example|
    if example.metadata[:vcr]
      example.run
    else
      VCR.turned_off { example.run }
    end
  end
end

> # WebMock catches everything per default, we allow localhost for Capybara/Selenium

Reviewer 2: and maybe also to not mock away internal requests?

Author: That's a good point. The current configuration is maybe not precise enough. We would allow HTTP calls to ourselves.
Be aware though that for example request specs are not actual HTTP requests.

WebMock.disable_net_connect!(allow_localhost: true)

VCR.configure do |c|
  c.configure_rspec_metadata!
  c.debug_logger = $stderr if ENV['DEBUG'] == 'true'

  c.hook_into :webmock
  c.ignore_localhost = true

  c.cassette_library_dir = 'spec/vcr'
  c.default_cassette_options = {
    decode_compressed_response: true,
    allow_unused_http_interactions: false,

>     record: ENV['VCR'] ? ENV['VCR'].to_sym : :once, # re-record with VCR=all

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    record: ENV.fetch('VCR_RECORD', :once).to_sym, # re-record with VCR_RECORD=all
```

I'd prefer to be a bit more explicit in the variable name since just `VCR=all` can easily be misinterpreted as "have all VCRs active".

Author: Even though you're technically correct, I disagree. I could not remember anything longer than `VCR`. For example I like very much that @sihu uses `DEBUG=true` for `selenium_chrome` driver instead of headless. It's very unspecific but very rememberable.

    drop_unused_requests: true # only when re-recording
  }

  # Filter out sensitive data from the cassettes
  env_keys = YAML.load_file('config/application.example.yml').filter do |k, v|

>     (!k.in? %w[test production development]) && (!v.in? %w[false true])

Reviewer: also simple numbers can be a big issue, I'd exclude also values that are just numbers

Author: Yes. What's a good heuristic for secrets? Longer than 7 characters?

  end.keys
  env_keys.each { |key| c.filter_sensitive_data("<#{key}>") { ENV.fetch(key, nil) } }
end
```

Some considerations:

> * Do you really want/need VCR? A fake may be better: https://thoughtbot.com/blog/how-to-stub-external-services-in-tests#create-a-fake-hello-sinatra

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

* Do you really want/need VCR? A fake may be better: https://thoughtbot.com/blog/how-to-stub-external-services-in-tests#create-a-fake-hello-sinatra
```

* Do you test so specifically that WebMock would be the better tool?
* Does your project have special needs for tweaks: https://blog.arkency.com/3-tips-to-tune-your-vcr-in-tests/

> * How often do you want to re-record your cassettes? Out-of-date replays may give you a false sense of safety.

Reviewer 2: * how easy is it to reproduce the cases? (e.g. if it's not the happy case or it's very complicated to re-record, resp. to bring it to that state, it might be better to mock the method and fake the status code/error code)

> * Where do you want to re-record your cassettes? Maybe nightly on the CI?

Reviewer 2: did we ever do/use that?
